---
id: 775
choices:
  - text: Fight with what you have?
    to: 776
  - text: Attack the worm with the Sword of Sir Orrin?
    to: 777
    requiresItemOwned: "0290"
    onFail: "disable"    
  - text: Use the Flute of Healing Sleep
    to: 778
    requiresItemOwned: "0130"
    onFail: "disable"   
  - text: Use the Orb of Dragon Fire
    to: 779
    requiresItemOwned: "0129"
    onFail: "disable"  
  - text: Use the Larva Ring
    to: 782
    requiresItemOwned: "0208"
    onFail: "disable" 

image:
  - name: wormOfSligoff.jpg
    place: bottom
    shadow: true
---
With the watchtower behind you, there is nothing to see but the endless desert stretching before you in all directions. Thunder growls overhead as a fork of lightning tears across the heavens. You keep your head down, yet not a single drop of rain has ever fallen from that cursed sky.

You crest a dune and are surprised to see, nestled amongst the barren sands, a pool of crystal-blue water. The mere break in scenery feels like a blessing, but something about the pool is very wrong. No trees, grass, or even a thorn bush have taken root nearby.

As you approach, a sense of unease starts to build inside you. There is an acrid stench in the air, strong enough to burn the back of your throat and make your eyes sting. This is no oasis. The shimmering pool is a vast basin of bubbling, acidic slime.

You are about to turn away when the surface erupts. A monstrous worm bursts from the slime in a shower of steaming droplets. Its enormous body rises higher and higher with alarming speed until its writhing length towers above you. Rows of jagged teeth circle a gaping maw large enough to swallow a horse whole. Blue slime drips constantly from its flesh, hissing wherever it touches the ground.

You recognise this creature. This is the Worm of Sligoff.

What will you do?