---
id: 960
choices:
  - text: Ask to hear the truth?
    to: 962
  - text: Politely decline his offer and head back to the hallway?
    to: 961

image:
  - name: margin.jpg
    place: top
    shadow: true
---
The door opens easily. The room beyond is small, bright and oddly welcoming—almost domestic by fortress standards.

Pale stone walls, a neat rug, a low table set with cups and a teapot gently steaming beside a chequered plate piled with biscuits.

Behind the table sits a homunculus. He is child-sized, immaculately dressed in a little waistcoat and tie, his skin faintly waxen, his eyes wide and sparkling with intelligence.

He smiles broadly when he sees you, suddenly attentive. "Oh! Hello! How wonderful—I was hoping you'd drop in."

He stands and bows, knocking a cup as he sweeps an arm in a flourish.

"I'm Margin," he says brightly. "I stand just beside the truth." Then, almost immediately, he adds with a cheerful chirrup: "I can't lie. It's my job, you see."

You look quizzically at the odd little man and he continues.

"I promise you. It's true." He lets out a little joyous laugh. "Only the truth. The wonderful truth. So often misleading, so often slanted by opinion, so often based on belief and bereft of fact."

He winks, then leans in conspiratorially.

"My master wishes you to fail, you know. Not because he dislikes you—quite the opposite—and he has tasked me with misleading you with nothing but the truth. It's delicious, really... Biscuit?" He offers you the plate. When you do not respond, he places it back on the table.

"Probably best," he says. "They are a powerful poison to your kind."

He rubs his oversized hands together. "So... would you like to hear a little truth?"

Will you...