---
id: 699
choices:
  - text: You approach the pool.
    to: 701
    requiresItemOwned: "0037"
    onFail: "hide"

  - text: You approach the pool.
    to: 700
    requiresItemOwned: "0037"
    onPass: "hide"

image:
  - name: limpidPool.jpg
    place: middle
---
With your gift safely stowed away, {playerStats.visitingBrotherName} leads you deeper into the keep. The corridors are narrower here, the light dimmer, but also somehow deeper. {playerStats.visitingBrotherName} stops in front  of a heavy oak door.

"Ready?" he asks.

You indicate that you are and he leads you into a small, silent chamber steeped with reverence.

An opening in the ceiling casts a cool light across the small room, which settles across pale stone and smooth pillars, everything is washed in soft blues and silvers that seem that they would glow from within even without the light from above. The air feels ancient—undisturbed, but not stale or stuffy.

Above—far above—covering the walls and ceiling the faint outline of a vast silver oak stretches through the space. Its branches drift through another layer of the room, their ghost-light spilling gently down, touching everything with a quiet strength.

At the centre of the room lays a beautiful pool. Perfectly still. Its surface is a deep, luminous blue, threaded with veins of silver that move slowly beneath. The room feels ancient, worn smooth by years beyond counting.

“A limpid pool of time,” says {playerStats.visitingBrotherName}, his voice hushed. He steps closer, then turns, giving you space to approach the pool. “Here," he says, "with the aid of the silver acorn, Antiquity will guide us.” 