---
id: 702
choices:
  - text: You pick yourself up noticing your horse awaits and begin the journey towards the Red Keep.
    to: 710
---
{playerStats.visitingBrotherName} is quiet as he leads you back through the keep. The strange light and shifting halls finally give way once more to the vast calm of the audience chamber. {playerStats.visitingBrotherName} steps inside and turns to you.

“Good luck, my brother.” He smiles weakly then sighs. “I am sorry. I can play no further part in your quest to recover the Red Crown. What strength remains to me… I will spend to send you where we both know you must go next... To the edge of Ommadon’s realm.” He pauses then grasps your hand. “I hope, for all our sakes… that you succeed.” 

He nods then steps back raising his arms in an arcing sweep. The chamber tears. A wound of light opens before you, its edges flickering with strained magic. Through it, you see a vast, hostile plain—dust-red earth stretching to a broken horizon beneath a harsh, unwelcoming sky. The air beyond shimmers with heat and the smell of acrid smoke hits your nostrils.

This will be no gentle passage. You meet your brother’s gaze and thank him again—then step into the rift.

You feel like you are being pulled apart by horses as the world twists and your breath is ripped from your lungs. Your vision fractures and pressure thumps against your skull—and you are through.

You fall gasping on the cracked, red ground taking great gulps of hot stale air. The dry wind clawing at your face and the vast, empty merciless red sky do nothing to soothe your nerves.

You have made it to the outer edges of Ommadon’s red realm.