---
id: 810
choices:
  - text: Would you like to attack the devil?
    to: 811
  - text: Would you rather hear the devil's offer?
    to: 812
  - text: Or you can ignore the devil and continue your march?
    to: 830

image:
  - name: devil.jpg
    place: top
    shadow: true
---
Having survived Ommadon's dark magical reach you wonder what he will throw at you next. For the moment it seen all that faces you are endless red-scorched sands. There is nothing to see for miles around except the occasional black, jagged rock, a tear in an otherwise endless sea of red stone. You have been travelling towards one such rock for you don't know how long, and you don't know whether you are surprised or pleased by the break in monotony when you see, sitting cross-legged on a low boulder, a heavily tattooed, yellow-skinned devil.

It lounges idly, picking dirt from its long razor talons as it waits for you. It's odd to think that it could be waiting for you, but you are sure that is the case. Lightning flashes across the blood-red sky, illuminating the devil's scarred, thin but muscular body. It looks up as you arrive, a grin filled with needle teeth splitting its face.

"{playerStats.wizardName}," it says pleasantly, "Yes, I know who you are, and why you are here. Please, have a seat, rest a little." The devil passes you a canteen. "Just water," it says. "There's no pleasure to be had poisoning a weary traveller, and besides, if I were to kill you now, my purpose in being here would be moot, for I, {playerStats.wizardName}, have an offer for you. One I hope you will live to hear."

The devil smiles again.

"Did that come across as creepy?" it asks.