---
id: 812
choices:
  - text: Will you choose the safe route?
    to: 813
  - text: Will you choose The route of pain and trial?
    to: 814
  - text: Or would you rather take The Devil's Road?
    to: 815
---
The devil leans back in what you assume is a more comfortable position and then looks you over.

"Unless you are a red sand enthusiast," says the devil slowly, "I wouldn't judge you if you were. I have a cousin who collects dust, just stands in corners collecting the stuff. Then I must assume that you are quite determined to pay my master a visit. I will be honest with you. Oh yes, devils can be honest. All roads to Ommadon are hard, but they need not be without reward."

It twirls a small curl of hair at the end of its chin.

"And this is where we arrive at my offer. Three roads lie before you. You must choose one."

"The first is the safe road." It returns to picking at its talons as it speaks. "No harm will befall you on this road, but neither will you find reward. It is merely a long and tedious march."

The devil flicks something loose from its clawed hand and meets your eyes.

"The second road, that of Pain and Trial. It is by far the hardest path and comes at the greatest cost. Yet those who endure it may earn a reward greater than they can comprehend."

The devil sits back and smiles.

"And then there is my path, the Devil's Road, you might call it. Ommadon does not know I offer you this, but I promise you that it is the easiest passage of the three, and rich rewards await those who walk it... though there is a toll to pay on my road. But you can afford it."

The devil grins again, running a forked tongue over its lips.

"Sorry, am I being creepy again?" It shrugs. "No matter. So, {playerStats.wizardName}, which road will you choose?"