---
id: 873
choices:
  - text: You gather yourself and enter Ommadon's fortress.
    to: 868

effects:
  - stat: LUCK
    value: 2
---
You grab the bird figurine from the corpse's hand. It is made from some kind of dark, cold metal. But now that you have it, you have no idea what to do with it. Perhaps this was how the adventurer died: holding a figurine aloft against a lethal thirty-foot serpent.

You feel vulnerable and foolish. You need to choose again.

The serpent strikes once more and again you narrowly evade its slavering fangs.

You toss the bird aside, preparing to grab something else. But as the figurine leaves your hand, it comes to life.

With a piercing screech it streaks into the sky. As it rises it expands in size until it is at least fifty feet across, its shadow plunging the ground into darkness. Then it swoops.

You have just enough time to realise it is an eagle of impossible size before, talons extended, it tears the serpent from the door and climbs back into the sky.

The serpent shrieks, but only briefly. The eagle rips the beast in two, then releases the lifeless halves, which crash to the ground and throw plumes of swirling sand into the air.

As the dust settles, you see the eagle has climbed high into the sky above. As you watch it folds its wings and dives straight for the entrance to Ommadon's fortress.

You throw yourself aside as it collides with the doors. The noise is deafening.

The doors explode apart. Great chunks of stone and timber tear free from the walls, spraying debris into the chamber beyond.

Amid the storm of destruction there is a sudden flash of light. The eagle returns to figurine form and vanishes into the rubble.

When your ears stop ringing and your heart settles to a normal pace, you thank your stars.

Add 2 LUCK.