---
id: 713
choices:
  - text: When you are done playing...
    to: 729
    requiresTrue: playedMinty
    onFail: hide
  - text: When you are done...
    to: 1010
    requiresTrue: playedMinty
    onPass: hide

special:
  function:
    - diceGame

image:
  - name: tavernDiceGame.jpg
    place: top
    shadow: true
---
The game, as well as being loud, cheerful, and heavily fuelled by ale, seems to revolve around dice. Sometimes two and sometimes, accompanied by a raised mug and a hearty cry of "RINGO BINGO!", three.

The men sit around a battered wooden table scattered with coins, which pass from hand to hand round after round.

You watch with interest.

The rules are simple. Two dice are thrown to establish a target number. Each player then rolls two dice of their own. Whoever finishes closest to the target wins the entire pot.

The buy-in appears to be 2 Gold Pieces per round — a rich man's game then — and each game comprises five rounds. From what you observe, however, they are not strict about that, and a player may take their winnings and leave after any round, which they frequently do to top up their mugs at the bar.

Occasionally one of the men will cry "RINGO BINGO!", this you work out is a cry for good foretune and on these occations the player rolls a third dice and discards the least favourable. They also cry "TOOT TOOT" on the roll of a double, although the point of that is less clear.

On occasions where two or more players tie for the win, they shout "SALMON" and the pot appears to carry over into the next round. If they draw in the final round, they all take a drink and the pot is divided amongst the winners. 

One of them notices your interest and grins.

"Care for a wager, friend?"

You may play as many rounds of the game as you wish, providing you have the coin. 

Calling "RINGO BINGO" will cost you 1 LUCK and allow you to roll an extra dice and discard one of your choosing.

In the case of "SALMON!", "TOOT TOOT" (the roll of a double) or a won round, you will gain 1 LUCK.