---
id: 723
choices:
  - text: You load your horse and, with a heavy heart, ready yourself for the road ahead.
    to: 730

effects:
  - stat: LUCK
    value: -2
  - stat: STAMINA
    value: -2

deathMessage: |
  And then you die. 
  
  I know it seems like a long time since you lost 2 STAMINA, but I didn't know how to break the text there so you had to read the the bottom and then die. Sorry. 
---
Stone explodes inwards as an enormous fist smashes through the wall of the inn.

You throw yourself to the floor as the hand gropes around the little room. It finds the bed and crushes it to splinters.

As it withdraws, a huge yellow eye appears in the opening. Whether it sees you or not, you cannot tell. Either way, seconds later there is a deafening roar and two great hands rip the wall away.

There is no time to react before the floor gives way beneath you and you are hurled to the floor below. Stone crashes around you. You hear the roar again and then another booming crash as what you imagine to be a huge arm flattens another room of the tavern.

By some miracle, the fall deposits you in a largely protected alcove somewhere on the ground floor.

You are hurt, but it could be worse.

LOSE 2 STAMINA

You dare not move. You stay still and quiet as the destruction rages around you.

It seems to go on forever.

Eventually silence falls over the ruins.

When the dust finally settles and you feel strong enough to leave your pocket of safety, you find little remains of the Hellsway Inn beyond shattered beams and smoking rubble.

As you search through the ruins and discover the innkeeper's lifeless body, a terrible realisation dawns on you.

You did this.

You drove away Ommadon's servants. They must have scurried back to their master and, in response, he sent the Ogre of Gormley Keep to destroy you and, in turn, the inn.

The weight of your actions settles heavily upon your shoulders.

LOSE 2 LUCK.

You sift through the rubble. The chest protected your belongings and you are pleased to find that your horse made it through the carnage unscathed.