---
id: 258
choices:
  - text: Pleased with your haul you climb carefully back down and leave the little house.
    to: 265

pickupSome:
  - item: "0001"
  - item: "0078"
  - item: "0079"
  - item: "0081"
  - item: "0080"
  - item: "0226"
  - item: "0233"
  - item: "0261"
  
pickupGold: 8

image:
  - name: abandonedHouse.jpg
    place: top
---
You dive forward, throwing yourself across the collapsing floor, and land hard on the far side as the landing crashes away behind you. Dust billows up as timber and masonry crash around you. You lay low, hand over your head until everything is still and silent once more. You rise to find the landing gone. The upper room is still in place, but for how long you do not know. You decide to risk it and explore. You edge past a door which is hanging by a single screw over the drop to the rubble below.

Inside the upper room, you find the long-dead occupants—reduced to bone, slumped where they fell, their belongings undisturbed by all but time. Shelves of strange instruments, faded scrolls, and curios suggest the house once belonged to a wizard. Whatever happened here, the village chose fear over answers—and left it for time to claim. Sifting through the remains of the room you find several interesting looking items.

YOU FIND:
A slender wand capped with a black gem.
A smooth grey stone etched with spiral marks.
A thick leather-bound grimoire with iron clasps.
A cloudy jar packed with preserved toad eyes.
A glass orb filled with purple swirling mist and stars.
A small glass phial filled with green powder.
Thin brittle paper scroll. Spell of Duplication.
Cracked parchment scroll. Come on Sam.
8 GOLD PIECES