---
id: 463
choices:
  - text: You thank Smrgol, carefully stow the horn in your backpack and continue your journey.
    to: 470

pickupForced:
  - item: "0047"

image:
  - name: hornOfSummoning.jpg
    place: middle
---
Several hours pass before the dragon finally stirs. Its wounds have not vanished entirely, but they are greatly improved and the terrible rasping rattle that plagues its breathing seems to be mostly gone.

"Well you're a surprise," says the dragon. Its voice is deep, aged and steady. "Few would have stood by a dragon while it slept. My guardian angel." It chuckles.

"Name's Smrgol, and I owe you a great debt." The dragon inclines its head respectfully.

You talk with the dragon at some length. When you ask about the battle above he snorts. "Those young pups were too weak to resist Ommadon. He has power over most of my kind now. I can't blame them for attacking my. It was not their minds at work. It was his." He growls the last few words and fire roll across his snout.

Conversation turns to your quest and Smrgol listen with great interest. As you finish the old dragon nods approvingly. "It's the only way," he says. "The kingdoms have been in need of unity for a longs time. Ironic that unity has to to be forcibly be taken from one of the party." He chuckles.   

"On that note, your quest will be hard and I owe you a debt," take this. A horn materialises in the air in front of you. The dragon notices your surprise and laughs. "Where did you think man learnt his magic? Take the horn and blow on it when in great need. I'll hear it, and I will come.'

GAIN ITEM
Horn of Summoning