---
id: 310
choices:
  - text: You thank Sir Orrin and leave the Buried Axe.
    to: 316

pickupForced:
  - item: "0290"

setFlag:
  sirOrrin: false
  passingStones: "that the reported sightings were true. The Passing Stones are indeed present."
---
The last thug crashes heavily to the floor, disappointed murmurs ripple through the tavern now the entertainment is over.

The knight straightens the overturned table and places several coins upon the bar. ‘For the damage,’ he says.

He then turns towards you with a broad smile and gestures for you to sit.

‘I, Sir Orrin Neville Smithe, am in your debt, old boy,’ he says warmly. ‘A splendid showing. Splendid.’

You take a seat opposite him as he slides a drink across the table.

‘So then,’ he asks, leaning forward eagerly, ‘what brings you out this way?’

Sir Orrin listens intently as you talk of capturing the Red Crown – ‘Wish I could come with you, old boy’ – and slaps the table with excitement when you mention that you are currently in search of the Parting stones.

‘Parting Stones!’ he exclaims. ‘Why, old boy, I met a fellow only this morning speaking of standing stones south of here. Claimed he stumbled upon them in a place he’d swear they’d never stood before. Quite spooked the poor fellow.’ He chuckles. ‘Said he came up the road due south from here. If I were you, I’d head that direction. I’d wager your quarry lies there.’

Sir Orrin then unbuckles his sword and lays it reverently upon the table.

‘Your actions today prove you a person of honour,’ he says. ‘Please, take this as a token of my gratitude. A noble weapon for a noble quest.’

GAIN ITEM
Sir Orrin’s Sword