---
id: 610
choices:
  - text: {peckMeetChoice1}
    to: 614
  - text: Ask to see the items he has for trade?
    to: 613
  - text: Find out more about the game of Graffle Cluck?
    to: 612
  - text: Ask Puck about the surrounding area?
    to: 611
---
As you approach the field, you get a proper look at the grazing animals. They are unlike anything you have ever seen.

They appear to be some strange cross between a chicken, a sheep and a pig. They stand on two legs and are roughly chicken-shaped, although they possess no feathers. Their short, stubby arms are fixed backwards like wings, as though nature intended them to fly and then changed its mind.

Their bodies are covered in {graffleFleeceColour} fleece which hides much of their strange form. Only their pink faces and cloven trotters remain exposed. Their long snouts end in pig-like noses, and they constantly peck at the {graffleGraze} in search of food. Every so often one lets out a loud squawk or suddenly leaps a foot into the air for no apparent reason.

You are so fascinated by the bizarre creatures that it is some time before you notice the teenage boy reclining upon a nearby rock, seemingly without a care in the world.

When he sees you looking at him, he grins broadly.

"Graffle Cuts," he says. Seeing your confusion, he points towards the strange animals. "That's them. My herd."

He yawns, stretches and sits upright.

"So what brings you to see young Puck and his Graffle Cuts? I can't offer much, but I've got a few things to trade. Or, if you've time to spare, we could play a few rounds of Graffle Cluck."

Would you like to: