---
id: 400
choices:
  - text: Carolinus, the green wizard of nature and enchantment
    to: 401
    check: playerStats.wizardColor === "Green"
    onPass: "hide"
  - text: Solarius, the blue wizard of the heavens and the deep
    to: 408
    check: playerStats.wizardColor === "Blue"
    onPass: "hide"
  - text: Lo Tae Zhao, the yellow wizard of the skies and peaceful tranquillity
    to: 409
    check: playerStats.wizardColor === "Yellow"
    onPass: "hide"

image:
  - name: {archImage}
    place: top
    shadow: true
---
Leaving the town of Brookdown Crossing behind, you follow the main trading route into the hills. You are not far out of town when you discover {playerStats.passingStones}

The small henge lies a few hundred metres west of the path in a small, wooded dell.

You guide your horse off the main path, dismount, and walk it over to the stones. It is a crude henge; small, tumbled blocks of rock lie in a rough circle, mostly claimed by the earth in which they rest. When standing, they would have been man-height. Now fallen, they make rather good benches for passing weary travellers.

You are not here for the henge, though. That is merely a marker, a breadcrumb that non-magical folk can see and tell tales of for you to follow. It is the four magnificent archways, each a passage into a magical realm that they cannot see, that bring you here.

The four arches stand in a row just beyond the henge, one for each realm. Ommadon's black, barbed archway lies smashed. He will not allow passage that way. You must find a weak point in one of the other realms, with your brother's help, to enter his dark kingdom.

{passingStones}

You stand before the three magnificent arches, each thrumming with a different magic; yours familiar, the others alien. You look with fondness upon your own archway, but you know that is not the path you seek. You must decide now which brother you believe can best aid you in the next leg of your quest to capture the Red Crown.