---
id: 757
choices:
  - text: The Ogre of Gormley Keep is beaten, but at the cost of a noble and ancient creature.
    to: 765
---
The battle rages for what feels like an eternity.

Again and again Smrgol drives the ogre back. Claws rake flesh. The ogre's mace shatters stone as roars and bellows echo across the barren landscape.

With a furious roar, the ogre swings his mace and buries it into Smrgol's chest. There is a terrible sound of breaking bone and the ancient dragon grunts, falling back, blood and fire gushing from the wound. The ogre smiles as Smrgol slumps to the flagstones, his eyes dim, his shattered body limp.

The ogre raises his mace above Smrgol's now still head, ready to deliver the death blow.

Like lightning, the dragon leaps, his teeth closing around the ogre's throat. Before the great brute knows what is happening, Smrgol is driving him across the wall top, the ogre slipping and stumbling before him, unable to stop the charge. With a great roar and an explosion of stone, Smrgol crashes through the lip of the wall and throws the ogre into the clouds beyond. Nothing could survive that fall, not even the Ogre of Gormley Keep.

Smrgol sways unsteadily, then collapses on the flagstones, his deep wounds gushing dark blood onto the stone around him. The great dragon turns his head towards you.

"The old bluff," he chuckles. "Gets them every time." He coughs, his eyes dim, his breathing ragged. "Thanks for letting an old soldier go out with style. A good one to end on. The Ogre of Gormley Keep. That's one in the eye for Ommadon..."

His voice trails off, his body relaxes, and the life leaves his eyes.

Smrgol is gone.