---
id: 431
choices:
  - text: You thank Danielle for her kindness and return to the road to continue your journey.
    to: 470

effects:
  - stat: LUCK
    value: 2
  - stat: STAMINA
    value: 2

pickupForced:
  - item: "0296"
  - item: "lostItemReturned"
---
With your hands raised high, you emerge from the shelter of the trees and call out that you mean no harm.

She introduces herself a Danielle of the Woods but you notice that she keeps her bow close at hand as you approach.

You apologise for startling her and explain that, after the events of earlier that day, you wished to discover whether she was friend or foe before revealing yourself.

"Rough day?" she asks.

You describe the ambush you walked into that lead to you being lost in the woods and to your surprise she laughs aloud.

"So you fell into Giles's trap, did you?" she says smiling. "It is I who should apologise. Giles is no bandit. He must have mistaken you for one of Ommadon's followers. The poor fool probably thought whatever he took from you was some evil trinket, and all the while you have been fighting on the same side."

"Here, sit," she says ladling some stew from a pot hanging above the fire and placing the bowl before you. "Eat, I shall not be long."

Danielle places a feathered hat upon her head and disappears into the forest.

With little else to do, you begin to eat. The stew is surprisingly good.

GAIN 2 STAMINA

You are just finishing the stew when Danielle returns carrying your lost item.

"Giles is mortified," she says. "He sends his deepest apologies and asked me to return this to you." She hands back your lost item. "He also insisted that you take this." She produces a thorned club. "Worm Slayer, he calls it. May it serve you well."

GAIN ITEMS
{lostItem}
Thorned Club

GAIN 2 LUCK