---
id: 977

endQuest:

image:
  - name: crown.jpg
    place: bottom
---
Peter’s form flickers before you. With each crackling burst of static, his appearance shifts. One moment he stands clad in chainmail armour, the next in flowing velvet robes, then in garments from an age yet to come.

The air within Ommadon’s chamber grows taut, the great tree etched into the walls begins to flicker, its blue lines stuttering and flaring as the energy searches, but fails to find a focus.

Ommadon watches in silence.

Peter seems aware that something is not right, that he does not belong. His eyes meet yours. The connection holds for a heartbeat, then slips. His image wavers. His outline sharpens, then blurs as the magic fails to anchor him. The acorn has found its champion, yet no path has been laid for him to follow.

Peter's form grows fainter, flickering, then he is gone.

Only you and Ommadon remain within the vast chamber.

Ommadon lets out a cackling laugh. It rings through the air shaking the chamber's core.

As the rumbling effects of the the laugh die, so too does the magic called to summon Peter. There is an explosion of directionless magic, the unbridled energy crashing outward like a great wave. It pools, ebbs and thins, bubbling and rolling across the stone before finally fizzling into nothing.

Ommadon laughs once more. “Fool. You thought the acorn would be power enough?”

His laughter echoes through the chamber, resonating with a power that you now realise has passed beyond your reach forever.

The magical kingdom will never come to be, and Ommadon’s strength will continue to grow through mankind’s hunger for industry, advancement and war.

The chamber falls silent. The roots etched into the walls withdraw, their glow fading until the great Tree of Antiquity becomes nothing more than cold, lifeless stone.