---
id: 979
choices:
  - text: You have succeeded in your quest. You have secured the Red Crown and the future of the magical kingdom.
    to: 980
---
Peter stands before Ommadon, tall and calm. He wears clothes of a time yet to come.

"Well, well, well," says Ommadon. "The scientist. And what could you possibly bring to defeat me?"

"I need only logic," says Peter. "Logic is stronger than magic."

"Stronger than my magic?" Ommadon lets out a long, cackling laugh. "Fool. I have gathered the sum total of the world's evil in one place."

Red lightning tears across the chamber as dark clouds seep into the air around him.

"And that place is me."

As Ommadon growls out these words, his body expands and roils. His robes ripple as something moves along his back.

He laughs again, his form wider than the eye can take in.

"I," he booms, "am invincible! No magic is stronger."

His robes rip as six dragon heads burst from his back, each on a long neck protruding from his shoulders. The heads sway, coil and writhe as they stare down at Peter. Fire licks around their nostrils as they snort, and thunder fills the air.

"I am the world, and the world is Ommadon!"

Red lightning fills the chamber above while the dragon heads flood the ground with fire.

"I will reach for the sun and bury you in flame," cries Ommadon.

Peter crosses his arms. "Seven heads, and each one a simpleton. You can't pluck down the sun. Every schoolboy knows that light travels at 186,300 miles per second. What you see is the sun's position from eight and a half minutes ago."

"No magic but mine can move the sun. I command it."

"Not magic. Mathematics."

Ommadon roars, and his dragon heads rain fire down upon Peter. You gasp, but a golden shield appears around him and the flames roll harmlessly past.

"You don't frighten me," says Peter. "Nothing so horrible could be real."

"Deny me and you deny all magic," growls Ommadon. "Say it, then!"

Peter stands resolute. "I deny all magic."

Ommadon screams, advancing on Peter.

"Come devils, witches, demons, ogres, trolls, sandmurks, harpies, ghouls, sorcerers..."

Peter steps towards Ommadon.

"Come algebra, anatomy, astronomy, biology, chemistry, geology..."

Ommadon screams as the dragon heads explode in blue fire while Peter advances, continuing his chant.

"...geometry, mathematics, meteorology..."

Ommadon falls to the floor, clawing at the ground, writhing and screaming.

"Come mineralogy, oceanography, palaeontology, physics, phycology..."

Ommadon screams, his hands clamped over his ears.

"...sociology, trigonometry and zoology!"

As Peter chants, Ommadon's stature diminishes. His shattered demeanour becomes frail, weak, small and broken until, with a final failing effort, he collapses into dust.

Nothing remains but his crown, imbued with Ommadon's power but harnessed and coerced by Peter's logic.

You lift Ommadon's crown. You can feel the power within. With it, you can balance the magical kingdom and lock it safely away from man's advancement, while still leaving it accessible through imagination and dreams.