---
id: 981

endQuest:

image:
  - name: crown.jpg
    place: bottom
---
Peter holds himself tall. He is dressed in light chainmail, with what you recognise to be Sir Orin's sword at his side He steps forward without hesitation, drawing the sword and assuming a solid stance for combat.

Ommadon laughs, the sound echoing around the chamber. He rises from his throne, power coiling around him like a living thing. Red lightning tears across the chamber and the room trembles as Ommadon gathers his dark, oppressive magic.

With a roar, Peter takes a sweeping swing towards Ommadon. Steel clashes with sorcery. The impact is deafening — the air screaming as the two collide.

The sword burns with a bright light as Peter fights to push the blade through Ommadon's tide of darkness. For a moment, it seems the chamber might not survive this clash of opposing forces.

Then Ommadon falters. Peter's blade breaks the darkness. Light explodes through the chamber as Peter, in one fluid movement, throws the sword. It plunges deep into Ommadon's chest.

Ommadon looks mildly surprised as he glances down at the sword protruding from him. Then, surprisingly, he laughs as he falls.

"Fools, you have undone yourselves. They need me and they will revive me. Come greed. Come conquest. Come war. You have ensured that I am the only one to survive."

Ommadon collapses in on himself, his form dissolving into shadow, while Peter too retreats in a burst of blinding light.

You stand alone in the vast, silent chamber. On the ground before you lies Ommadon's crown. You lift it, finding it heavy and cold in your hands, its power unbridled. As you hold that raw power in your hands, you realise with sinking dread that Ommadon was right. The magical kingdom cannot endure without its darkest pillar, and while you now hold that power, you have no way of controlling it.

The balance of the kingdoms is broken. Inevitably, magic will drain from the land. The kingdoms will wither, and the age of enchantment will slip into obscurity.

Only Ommadon will survive that decline. He will rise again, for it is he that man will call upon for war, for power and for industry.

Ommadon's mocking laughter echoes through the chamber.

The blue light of Antiquity gutters and fades.

You hold the crown, but you have failed in your quest. The balance needed to save the kingdom is lost to you.