---
id: 982
choices:
  - text: Will you blast the wall with fire?
    to: 983
  - text: Look for a weakness you might manipulate in the barrier?
    to: 984
  - text: Raise your shield and push through the wall?
    to: 985
---
You find yourself near the centre of the chamber, close to the large circular pool. Before you can fully find your feet, Ommadon's great staff strikes the ground again.

A crackling streak of jagged white power fizzes across the stone until it reaches the pool. The water freezes over and, with a second ringing strike from Ommadon's staff, the ground trembles and the ice cracks. A blast of freezing white mist forces you back, accompanied by a third resounding strike of staff upon stone.

The pool shatters.

Thousands of razor-sharp ice shards, some larger than a man, coil into the air, spinning, swooping and diving in a deadly dance, forming an impenetrable barrier.

For a few seconds, the shards seem to jostle for position, shattering when they touch and forming a myriad of smaller, lethal fragments. Then they settle, each shard finding its path, weaving through the mass to an almost hypnotic rhythm.

A white mist swims through the dancing ice and you notice that, even now, moments after its creation, some of the smaller shards glisten with the sheen of melting ice.

With horror, you realise that the swirling maelstrom is rolling towards you.

You must decide what to do, and quickly.

You could raise a shield, shatter some of the larger shards — they would break easily enough — and push through the wall.

You could call upon your power to create a ball of fire and blast the barrier aside.

Or perhaps the wall has a weakness that you could exploit, although as it edges towards you, one is not immediately apparent.

You must decide now.