---
id: 984
choices:
  - text: As you roll free of Ommadon's protective barrier, it falls away. Mist briefly covers the ground, then the barrier is gone as if it had never existed at all.
    to: 976
---
You take a deep breath, watching the hypnotic, rhythmic dance of the shards. You had spotted it before, though not consciously. After the first wild explosion of ice, the shards had settled into a dance, each following a path entirely unobstructed by its fellows. They move smoothly, never darting or stopping to let another pass, each instead following its own clear and circular route.

This has to mean there is a pattern, a rhythm to the seeming chaos.

You watch closely and see it: the individual paths of the crystal ice. Fast and complex, but predictable.

You take another breath and steady yourself.

The wall is almost upon you.

You stop watching the ice and start watching the gaps, the pulsing, rhythmic openings that appear and disappear as the shards follow their chosen paths.

You see it. A pattern of gaps large enough to pass through, opening in sequence and forming a shuttering tunnel of swinging shards.

The wall is upon you. You must act now.

You hold for a beat, allowing the pattern to reset, then dive into the wall.

Ice slices behind you and in front of you as you focus on the pattern. The path is clear, but it will remain so for only a second. You roll forwards through the tightest of gaps. A boulder-sized shard skims your body, but you are through.

The pattern has delivered you safely.