---
id: 850
choices:
  - text: Ready yourself to attack the dragon?
    to: 856
  - text: Throw the flowers you picked at the mine at the dragon's feet?
    to: 852
    requiresItemOwned: "0043"
    onFail: "disable"
  - text: Hurl the Silver Acorn at the beast?
    to: 853
    requiresItemOwned: "0037"
    onFail: "hide"
  - text: Cast the Spell of Duplication?
    to: 854
    requiresItemOwned: "0226"
    onFail: "disable"

image:
  - name: bryagh.jpg
    place: top
    shadow: true
---
You continue your march towards the Red Keep and finally the the haze of the horizon you can start to make out its formidable outline. You are too far off at the moment, but you are sure that something huge awaits you at the gates.

As you approach over the next few hours both the Red Keep and the hulking form infront of it resolve. To you horror, guarding the gates of Ommadon’s fortress is his dragon, Bryagh. He is gigantic even by dragon standards. His scales are the colour of storm clouds and old ash, his underbelly lined blood red. A deep rumbling growl echoes from the dragon’s throat as he stands before the huge wooden gates his vast wings folded tightly against his scarred flanks. He narrows his yellow eyes as they settle upon you, smoke curling from his nostrils as he watches your slow passage towards the keep.

There is nothing for you to do but keep going. There is no cover, no way around the beast. You are going to have to work out a way to best the beast.

As you get close, Bryagh lowers his great head until it is level with yours. His voice is like distant thunder.

‘You? You believe you can pass through these gates. The great gates on Ommadon’s keep? I have devoured warriors greater than you for daring less.’

Bryagh lets out a harsh, rumbling laugh which shakes the ground you stand on. He rears back and unleashes a roaring gout of flame high into the air. The blast lights the blood red keep and carved wooden gates he guards with fierce, glowing heat.

You grip your weapon tightly as the dragon’s burning gaze fixes upon you once more.

Will you…